User
id              integer
name            text
email           text
password        string
image           text
has_backyard    boolean
backyard_image  text
about           text
pets            boolean
pet_number      integer
pet_type        text


Animal
id              integer
name            text
species         text
size            text
image           text
hair length     text
shelter_id      integer
adoption cost   float


Shelter
id              integer
name            text
address         text
phone           number
email           text
pets            (pet_ids?)
adoption_policy text
